I resigned because i needed to stay with my dad and take care of him due to cancer disease. I am being the only son of my parents, the whole responsibilty was on me.

Earlier my parents were living in madurai and i am living in bangalore with my family. My dad used to take care of all household works. My mom has obesity problem and difficult for her to walk and do outside work. She is also a sugar patient. Things were running smooth until April. Only in the month of may, we discovered that he had cancer, that too in advanced stage. We did not know until then. My mom emotionally collapsed hearing this.

In this situation, it is not possible for me & my mom to stay in madurai and take care of him. So i made an attempt to bring them to Bangalore and continuing treatment in Bangalore. But that did not succeed. since the health condition keeps changing and getting worse. He has got blood urination problem, stomach pain has become severe & fainting sometimes. We were more scared now and my parents wanted to go back to madurai. because they get morale support from close relatives and bangalore is a kind of isolated place for them. They were more comfortable staying in Madurai than Bangalore.

In the middle of the file.

next line

S I was forced to take 2 decisions. First decision is to quit the job and search later. because the first priority for me is my dad. The second decision is to leave my children with my wife and requested mother in law to stay with her for assistance, because children education should not be impacted.
 
I was completely with him from then onwards (July onwards) and taking care of everything for my dad. He underwent treatment like Radiation therapy, Major prostate surgery and taking all types of medicines. but all did not help. He was unstable till last moment. Finally i lost my dad.

what i did not realize is how the days went on. It was almost 7 months by the time my dad passed away. He struggled a lot during this period.
 
I was emotionally dull and my mom also needed my support. I have started searching job only after few weeks of my dad's demise.

In the month of Mar i started searching a jobs in infrastructure domain for IT manager. In the interim period, 
completed the renovation of the house in madurai and bangalore
* RHCE
Bigdata/Hadoop admin Training & Project
Also job search for various position.

Prodcuing conflict entries in branch1

But things turned out differently as the hiring process is slow for the senior positions.

Now i would like to come back to the same job role and continue doing what i was doing in oracle.

She has slowly come on track and we are now settling down. I convinced my mother to stay with me in bangalore and she has also agreed.


